h1. jQuery DataTables TableTools Play! Module

h2. Background

jQuery

bq. "jQuery":http://www.jquery.com is a popular javascript toolkit.

jQuery DataTables

bq. "jQuery DataTables":http://www.datatables.net is a plugin for jQuery that makes it easy to provide ajax sorting, searching, and pagination on your tabular data.

jQuery DataTables TableTools

bq. "jQuery DataTables TableTools":http://www.datatables.net/extras/tabletools is an extra package can export the DataTable via Clipboard, CSV, Excel, PDF, and Print.

Play!

bq. "Play!":http://www.playframework.org" is an *incredible* web framework for Java.  

h2. Objective

This module makes it easy to add "jQuery DataTables TableTools":http://www.datatables.net/extras/tabletools/ to your Play! project.

h2. Quick start

To use TableTools on your (existing) jQuery datatable:

* Download this module.
<pre><code>$ git clone git://github.com/robfig/play-jquery-tabletools.git
</code></pre>

* Include this module by adding it to your application.conf (replace PATH_TO with the absolute or relative path to this module):
<pre><code>module.jquery-tabletools=PATH_TO/play-jquery-tabletools
</code></pre>

* Include the javascript and css in your page:
<pre><code><script src="@{'/public/js/TableTools.min.js'}" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="@{'/public/css/TableTools.css'}">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="@{'/public/css/TableTools_JUI.css'}"></code></pre>

* Include the TableTools using 'T' in the "'sDom' setting":http://www.datatables.net/usage/options#sDom, and set the path to the swf.
<pre><code>  $('#datatable').dataTable({
    ...
    "sDom": '<"H"lT>rt<"F"ip>',
    "oTableTools": {
      "sSwfPath": "@{'/public/swf/copy_cvs_xls_pdf.swf'}"
    },
  });</code></pre>

That's it!

Note: you should have a route to staticDir:public in your conf/routes
